Add docs for ScalarDB Cluster chart (#210)
scalar-labs/helm-charts: docs/use-secret-for-credentilas.md

> # How to use Secret resources to pass the credentials as the environment variables into the properties file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to use Secret resources to pass credentials as environment variables into the properties file
```

> You can pass the credentials like **username** or **password** as the environment variables via a `Secret` resource of Kubernetes. The docker images of old version Scalar products use the `dockerize` command for templating properties files. The docker images of new version Scalar products directly get values from environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass credentials like **username** or **password** as environment variables via a `Secret` resource in Kubernetes. The docker images for previous versions of Scalar products use the `dockerize` command for templating properties files. The docker images for the latest versions of Scalar products get values directly from environment variables.
```
